Contributing guidelines (#9)
Transport-for-the-North/.github: CONTRIBUTING.rst

===============
Ways Of Working
===============

.. _`pydocstyle`: http://www.pydocstyle.org/en/stable/index.html
.. _`black`: https://github.com/psf/black
.. _`pylint`: https://github.com/PyCQA/pylint
.. _`mypy`: https://github.com/python/mypy
.. _`pyproject.toml`: pyproject.toml
.. _`CAF coding standards`: https://transport-for-the-north.github.io/CAF-Handbook/contribution/coding_standards/overview.html
.. _`pytest`: https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/

Transport for the North (TfN) encourages a collaborative way of working and as such is happy
to accept contributions on various aspects of our repositories, including:

- Code maintenance and development
- Feature requests and bug reporting
- Documentation feedback and suggestions
- Code examples and use cases

Feedback & Requests
-------------------

> For any feedback, or requests, on the code, documentation or anything else, please create a GitHub
> issue to describe your suggestion and open the discussion. We have created some issue templates to
> show the information we expect for different types of suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any feedback or requests on the code, documentation, or anything else, please create a GitHub
issue. We have created some issue templates to guide you through the information needed for different types of suggestions, and opens the discussions for collaboration.
```

Changes & Development
---------------------

> Prior to making any changes, please consider creating an issue to discuss your proposed changes
> and get feedback from people on anything to consider during implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to making any changes, please consider creating an issue to discuss your proposed changes. 
This helps us to support you with the changes and provide wider context and considerations for your implementation.
```
